Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority
A government website registered with the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
How you know?
Links to official Saudi websites end with gov.sa
All links to official websites of government agencies in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia end with .gov.sa
Government websites use the HTTPS protocol for encryption and security.
Secure websites in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia use the HTTPS protocol for encryption.
Registered on Digital Government Authority:
20250408661
Contact Us
Voice Commands
Font Size
Greyscale Mode
Our E-Services
View All Services
يمكنك الآن إجراء جميع خدماتك المتعلقة بالزكاة عبر الإنترنت بما في ذلك الحساب.
View All
ZATCA in Numbers
Our numbers reflect our strategic commitment to be a global role model in protecting the kingdom, managing zakat, taxes, and customs, facilitating trade efficiently, and delivering a seamless customer experience
ZATCA Calendar
Loading...
Loading events...
Please wait
Read more
ZATCA Announcements
View All
آخر الأخبار
روابط مهمة
شركاؤنا ووكالاتنا
عرض الكل
A fundamental pillar in enhancing our services and achieving our strategic objectives
Land ports live broadcast
Show live broadcast
Last Update:
03 Jul 2026 12:46 PM
Saudi Arabia Time
Social Media
Accessibility tools
Download mobile applications
All rights reserved 2026 © ZATCA.GOV.SA
Developed and Maintained by Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority
Last update for site was
External Link
You are about to leave this website and navigate to an external link. Do you wish to continue?
cancel
continue
Cookies
Use of Cookies by this site is just to guarantee Ease of Access and better user experience while browsing. Continuation of your browsing acknowledges your approval for Terms and Conditions of this site and its use of Cookies.
Privacy Policy
Accept
Reject
Manage Cookies
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies (Always Active)
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Confirm My Choices
Reject All
Thank you! Your response has been successfully recorded. If you wish to modify or change your answer, you can go back by clicking the Undo button.